Unit 6 Quiz

Unit 6: Question 1
Which statement is true when a file is deleted under FAT filesystems?
The file name is removed from the parent directory.
*The system replaces the first character of the file name with a special character.
The data contents of the file are removed from the disk.
The system wipes the file’s metadata, thereby preventing discovery of the data block.

Unit 6: Question 2
When a deleted cluster is reused, the unused portion of the cluster is filled with the leftover data from previous files. This space, which may still contain useful information for forensic investigator, is called:
unallocated space
unused space
*slack space
waste space
unanswered

Unit 6: Question 3
In Windows 8 and later versions, registry hive _____ stores information of a USB’s last insertion and removal timestamps.
SAM
NTUSER.dat
SOFTWARE
*SYSTEM

Unit 6: Question 4
The Bitmap metafile from the NTFS volume is used to:
Store the bmp file
*keep track of cluster usage
find the starting cluster
find the chain of clusters

Unit 6: Question 5
Which data structure is used as a lookup table to see which cluster comes next in a FAT file system?
Cluster Sequence Table
*File Allocation Table
Master Boot Record
Master File Table
Root directory

Unit 6: Question 6
Which of the follwoing is NOT a true statement about NTFS?
*The key component of NTFS is File Allocation Table.
NTFS is a journaling file system.
NTFS uses 64 bits for defining a cluster.
NTFS stores permissions for each file and directory.

Unit 6: Question 7
In FAT 12, how many bytes does each directory-entry use to define a file or subdirectory in a directory?
4
12
16
*32
It varies

Unit 6: Question 8
Which registry file can be used to identify the user who last logged into the system?
NTUSER.dat
*SAM
SECURITY
SOFTWARE
SYSTEM

Unit 6: Question 9
In a Windows NTFS file system, which of the following file stores its data content inside its Master File Table (MFT) record?
$MFT
*A file whose file size is 10 bytes.
A file whose files size is 10 kilobytes
Page file

Unit 6: Question 10
In a Windows system, the current Time Zone information for a system resides in:
NTUSER.dat.
SAM registry hive.
SOFTWARE registry hive.
*SYSTEM registry hive.
